[D&M] Clean up Deploy Elastic Cloud surface pages + Elastic Cloud Hosted (#532)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/cloud-hosted.md

You can use these presets, or start from them to get the unique configuration you need. They can vary slightly from one cloud provider or region to another to align with the available virtual hardware.

**Solutions to help you make the most out of your data in each deployment.**

Building a rich search experience, gaining actionable insight into your environment, or protecting your systems and endpoints? You can implement each of these major use cases, and more, with the solutions that are pre-built in each Elastic deployment.

:::{image} ../../../images/cloud-ec-stack-components.png
:alt: Elastic Stack components and solutions with Enterprise Search
:width: 75%
:::

:::{important}
Enterprise Search is not available in {{stack}} 9.0+.
:::

These solutions help you accomplish your use cases: Ingest data into the deployment and set up specific capabilities of the Elastic Stack.

Of course, you can choose to follow your own path and use Elastic components available in your deployment to ingest, visualize, and analyze your data independently from solutions.

> ## How to operate {{ech}}? [ec_how_to_operate_elasticsearch_service]

Reviewer: we don't have to do this now, but this section should be refreshed to make it clear what the scope of the section is vs. what now lives elsewhere.

Author: Not exactly sure if that's necessary given that we have docs a bit everywhere now. As long as the recipe makes sense. I simplified it a bit to remove some redundant parts or items that felt out of place.

    * [Sign Up for a Trial](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/create-an-organization.md) - Sign up, check what your free trial includes and when we require a credit card.
    * [Sign Up from Marketplace](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/subscribe-from-marketplace.md) - Consolidate billing portals by signing up through one of the available marketplaces.

* Set up your account by [completing your user or organization profile](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing.md) and by [inviting users to your organization](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization.md).
* [Create a deployment](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/create-an-elastic-cloud-hosted-deployment.md) - Get up and running very quickly. Select your desired configuration and let Elastic deploy Elasticsearch, Kibana, and the Elastic products that you need for you. In a deployment, everything works together, everything runs on hardware that is optimized for your use case.
* [Connect your data to your deployment](/manage-data/ingest.md) - Ingest and index the data you want, from a variety of sources, and take action on it.

**Adjust the capacity and capabilities of your deployments for production**

> There are a few things that can help you make sure that your production deployments remain available, healthy, and ready to handle your data in a scalable way over time, with the expected level of performance. We’ve listed these things for you in [Preparing for production](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/cloud-hosted.md).

Reviewer: this page doesn't exist anymore and is a circular redirect

**Secure your environment**

> Control which users and services can access your deployments by [securing your environment](/deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth.md). Add authentication mechanisms, configure [traffic filtering](/deploy-manage/security/traffic-filtering.md) for private link, encrypt your deployment data and snapshots at rest [with your own key](/deploy-manage/security/encrypt-deployment-with-customer-managed-encryption-key.md), manage trust with Elasticsearch clusters from other environments, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control which users and services can access your deployments by [securing your environment](/deploy-manage/security/secure-your-cluster-deployment.md). [Add authentication mechanisms](/deploy-manage/users-roles.md), configure [traffic filtering](/deploy-manage/security/traffic-filtering.md) for private link, encrypt your deployment data and snapshots at rest [with your own key](/deploy-manage/security/encrypt-deployment-with-customer-managed-encryption-key.md), [manage trust](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md) with {{es}} clusters from other environments, and more.
```

**Monitor your deployments and keep them healthy**

{{ech}} provides several ways to monitor your deployments, anticipate and prevent issues, or fix them when they occur. Check [Monitoring your deployment](/deploy-manage/monitor/stack-monitoring.md) to get more details.

**And then?**

Now is the time for you to work with your data. The content of the {{ech}} section helps you get your environment up and ready to handle your data the way you need. You can always adjust your deployments and their configuration as your usage evolves over time.

To get the most out of the solutions that the Elastic Stack offers, [log in to {{ecloud}}](https://cloud.elastic.co) or [browse the documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs).

## More about {{ech}} [ec-about]

Find more information about {{ech}} on the following pages:

* [Subscription Levels](/deploy-manage/license.md)
* [Version Policy](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/available-stack-versions.md)
* [{{ech}} Hardware](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-reference-hardware.html)

> * [{{ech}} Regions](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud/current/ec-reference-regions.html)

Reviewer: these should be asciidocalypse links

* [Service Status](/deploy-manage/cloud-organization/service-status.md)
* [Getting help](/troubleshoot/index.md)
* [Restrictions and known problems](/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/restrictions-known-problems.md)

> :::{dropdown} {{ech}} FAQ

Reviewer: I like the dropdown, but it's not rendering super well

Author: Yup, this is a bit massive to stay on the page as is, will leave it as is for now. It may be simplified or taken out to a different page in the future.
